if you choose scramming here just a
quick little review of some of the
things I like about my 2009 Land Rover
lr2 HSE the first thing I like about
this truck is the styling on it you get
a rugged look yet not quite as distinct
or not quite as square say as the LR for
its older brother also a little neat
things I like about this truck
you get squirters for your headlights
just in case you hit deep mud you know
you want to keep your headlights clean
always a good thing
this truck like I said is the LR 2 it's
smaller than the big lr 4 but for
someone who is you know in the city or
can't park very well you know the size
would work well or someone who wants to
save more on gas which was my aspect of
it
this truck corners very well you can
park it basically anywhere and if you
can't park you've got backup sensors
just in case you can't see where you're
going
backup centers all around just to make
sure you don't hit nothing now just like
the lr 4 it has the same little raised
roofline going on which is nice for the
backseat passengers you get a little
extra Headroom there
this comes equipped with the two Sun
roofs which i think is cool because it
lightens up the cabin it makes it look
way more spacious although you never
really feel cramped
it's got good amount of room for two
full-sized adults to sit back here no
problem and in the front you got your
leather adjustable seats here and lumbar
adjustment these seats are very
comfortable they're firm yet you feel
very planted in them when you sit in the
seats of this truck if you feel as if
you could run over anything and that may
be a good or bad thing I don't know you
decide and as with
all land rovers this comes with the
Terrain Response system which I've used
a few times gone over in some mud and
some everything whatever you can throw
at this thing it's very capable off-road
which if you're looking for off-road
ability your most of the your SUVs this
size aren't really rated for actual
off-roading whereas this you actually
have your terrain response and it's
permanently four-wheel drive or
all-wheel drive system you get your
grass snow mode mud and ruts mode sans
mode hill descent control this comes
with a 11 speaker Alpine system which is
plenty loud for anybody out there even
for me I'm used to loud competition car
stereos and it's pretty good has 11
speakers and it also comes with a
subwoofer in the back which you can't
see because it's in with the spare tire
overall this truck I've had it for quite
a while now and I have no real
complaints about it it gets decent gas
mileage about averaging with the this
has the inline v6 with a 6-speed auto
transmission you're averaging about 20
to 21 average now they do make a
4-cylinder version now that's supposed
to promise a little bit better the only
thing that I think is weird with this
truck is that it does not have an
automatic lift gate you have to do it
yourself not that that's a big deal for
me but I could see some people whining
and wanting you know to be able to walk
up push a button it is a whole lot
easier the other than that this truck is
very comfortable great for tooling
around in the city or in the middle of
the woods either way because of its
smaller size I actually think it's
better in some instances instances
off-road because you can take it pretty
much anywhere and it'll go there
this is the 2009 Land Rover lr2 HSE